[Term Entry] Java Calendar getActualMaximum() (#3014)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/getActualMaximum/getActualMaximum.md

---
Title: '.getActualMaximum()'

> Description: 'A Calendar class method that returns the maximum value the specified calendar field could have, based on the time value of the calendar'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the maximum value the given calendar field can have, conditional on the time value of the calendar.'
```

Reviewer: The original description and example all appear to be directly copied from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/calendar-getactualmaximum-method-in-java-with-examples/

All submitted entries must be original content. Copying content from another site is plagiarism, and is not permitted in docs. Please revise this entry and example to replace all copied content.

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getActualMaximum()`** method of the `Calendar` class retrieves the maximum value the specified calendar field could have, based on the time value of the calendar.

## Syntax

```pseudo
calendar.getActualMaximum(int field)
```

> ## Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `int field`: The calendar field the maximum value is to be retrieved from. For example `Calendar.MONTH` and `calendar.YEAR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getActualMaximum` method takes only one parameter, `int field`. This is the calendar field the maximum value is to be retrieved from. For example `Calendar.MONTH` and `calendar.YEAR`
```

## Example

> In the following example, `.getActualMax()` is used to retrieve the maximum value of both the `Calendar.MONTH` and `Calendar.YEAR` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `.getActualMaximum()` is used to retrieve the maximum value of both the `Calendar.MONTH` and `Calendar.YEAR` fields.
```

```java

> import java.util.*;
> 
> public class CalendarMaxDemo {
>    public static void main(String[] args) {
> 
>         //Creating a calendar instance 
>       Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();
> 
>         //Retrieving the maximum value  the year field  can have   
>         int year = 
>             calendar.getActualMaximum(Calendar.YEAR);
>             system.out.println("Maximum year is: " + year);
> 
>         //Retrieving the maximum value the month field can have 
> 
>         int month = 
>             calendar.getActualMaximum(Calendar.MONTH);
>             system.out.println("Maximum MONTH is: " + month); 
> 
>    }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import java.util.Calendar;

 // CalendarMaxDemo.java
 public class CalendarMaxDemo {              
  public static void main(String[] args) {

  // Creating a calendar instance 
  Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

  // Retrieving the maximum value  the year field  can have   
  int year =  calendar.getActualMaximum(Calendar.YEAR);
  System.out.println("Maximum year is: " + year);

  // Retrieving the maximum value the month field can have 
    
  int month = calendar.getActualMaximum(Calendar.MONTH);
  System.out.println("Maximum MONTH is: " + month); 
  }
}
```

Reviewer: There should always be one space before the start of a comment and docs code blocks must use 2 spaces, not tabs

Author: @caupolicandiaz Thank you for your insight. I reviewed my entry and made changes in accordance to yout comments. I changed the descpription of the method as it was truly identical to the geekforgeeks one. I also created a new example for the entry. Thanks

Author: Also i don't know why my commit has 2 authors yet I commited. Could you please help me out. Thanks
